
Next to do:
Put in logic for transitioning between answer and given words

Idea:
Clue could just be a synonym. Game could be called Synonyma, Synonymania

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Overview:
Main Menu -> Play Button, Settings, Info (With Landscape background)

Stage Selection:
- Grid of squares that gradually reveals?
- Have to show when level is complete

Game:
~3 Answers per GivenWord
~3 GivenWords per Stage
Each stage has a faded colour background

Transition between answer words -> Letters fade out randomly and fade back in
Transition between given words -> Landscape moves to the side

Can user switch manually between words?
-> leave this for now

How to indicate if word is complete or how many words are left?

After stage is complete:
- Show stage complete feedback
- Go to stage selection menu and reveal new levels


------------------------------------------------------------------
Animations should be faster

Game:
Fix android hit boxes for letters are off
Initial Animation (e.g. on level select):
  - After layout has finished
    - fade in the black circle overlay
    - fade in the clue
Level transition animation
Make undo previous logic work with an extra buffer?
Add timing to when selection highlight is removed so that you don't see the lines
Add some animation on incorrect answer
Add extra hints
Shuffle button - press animation & position

Other Screens:
Main Menu
Level Selection:
  - Rounded squares for each stage with a name for each and a peice of the image in the square

Add react navigation?

If I want to add levels just from BE, will have to load image from server

Stage/Level Structure:
Each stage has 1 background image
Each level shows one section of that background image
On level complete, image scrolls sideways




Word Duo:
  Main Menu:
    - Simple Play button
  Difficulties?
    - Could increase difficulty only if user gets X right in a row
    - Goes back to start if they get one wrong
  Scores:
    - Based on how many you got correct in a row
  Game:
    - Words arrange in circle
    - Have to link the synonym pairs
    - On link -> pairs disappear
  Theme:
    White background or very gentle gradient?
    Words in coloured bubbles
    Relaxing? Ambient music/pleasant sound effects?